---
title: Cookie Policy
keywords:
  - Kukis
  - Policy
  - Cookies
modified: 2022-07-04 10:27
---

Cookies are small files that are downloaded to your computer, to enhance your experience.

We use cookies if you have a Portalnesia account (as a service provider), or visit the Sansorder website. Cookies allow us to learn about the information we receive about you, which includes information about your use of the website.

This page explains what information we collect, how we use it and why we need to store these cookies. We'll also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored, but they can degrade or 'break' certain elements of the site's functionality.

## Why Do We Use Cookies?

Our Services use this technology to provide, assess, and improve services in a variety of ways. These uses typically fall into one of the following categories:

1. **Authentication**: We use cookies to verify your account and determine when you are logged in, so that We can make it easier for you to access the Sansorder Service and show you the appropriate experience and features.
2. **Preferences**: We use cookies to store your preferences. For example, setting a dark theme and a light theme.

## Third Party Cookies

In some special cases we also use cookies provided by third parties. The following describes the third party cookies you may encounter through this site.

1. We use Account data from Portalnesia as a Sansorder service provider. For more information about Portalnesia cookies, see [Portalnesia official page](https://portalnesia.com/pages/cookie-policy)
2. We use Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web to help us understand how you use the site and how we can improve your experience. These cookies can track things like how long you spend on the sites and pages you visit so that we can continue to produce interesting content. For more information about Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
3. We use Google reCaptcha to ensure that the data entered on the Sansorder site is not generated by robots. Please read Google's [Terms of Service](https://policies.google.com/terms) and [Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).
4. From time to time We test new features and make subtle changes to the way the site is delivered. While we are still testing new features, these cookies can be used to ensure you receive a consistent experience while on our site while ensuring we understand which optimizations our users value the most.

## Where Do We Use Cookies?

We (with third parties) use cookies on our website. Third parties may also use this technology, for example, when you click on a link from our website, view or interact with third party content from within our service.

## Disabling Cookies

You can prevent cookie settings by adjusting the settings in your browser (see your browser's Help for how to do this).

Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Like, you can't login to this site or you can't save cart or set light and dark theme.

It is therefore recommended that you do not disable cookies.

You can learn how to manage cookies in your web browser by following the [Browser Cookies Guide](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Cookies).